Drop built-in http01 challenge, use cert-manager to issue certs for custom domain (#1800)
acorn-io/acorn: docs/docs/50-running/03-certificates.md

Acorn will automatically inspect each certificate in the Acorn namespace for one that can be used with `my-app.example.com`.
If no TLS secret is found with that FQDN, it will be exposed on HTTP only.

### Issuing custom domain certs

> Acorn Let's Encrypt integration does not issue certificates for custom domain. Instead, you will rely on external cert-manager to issue certificates. To do so, you will need to create a cluster issuer first. For more information on how to configure cert-manager, see [cert-manager docs](https://cert-manager.io/docs/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Acorn's Let's Encrypt integration does not issue certificates for custom domains. Instead, you will rely on external cert-manager to issue certificates. To do so, you will need to create a cluster-issuer first. For more information on how to install and configure cert-manager, see [cert-manager docs](https://cert-manager.io/docs/).
```

> ```yaml 

Author: Docs has been called out on how to use it. Those setting will be managed in hub. https://github.com/acorn-io/infra-provisioning-cdk/pull/23
